# TRIBEout-social-media-platform-for-community-healthcare.
Nowadays we are observing that the craze of social media platform are going on high demand and this platform have maximum reach out to universe people, that’s the reason why we are developing TRIBEout, social media platform to improve community healthcare by connecting people, health organizations, hospitals, health professionals and medical students to learn, share, collaborate and contribute to revolutionize the community healthcare.        Through this platform we are going to provide online slot/appointment booking in the hospitals available schedules so that patients can easily book their slot from home on just single click by saving their time and money to manually going to hospitals, book their appointment and wait for it. Due to this there is no kind of social distancing issues in this pandemic situation, so it helpful to reduce the risk.         Apart from this our platform is going to provide large amount of integrated information so that anyone can easily get information to improve or overcome their health issues. Today’s world facing the unemployment problems so that we are developing the structure so that job seekers can easily get their rich out to the recruiters by building their profile on this platform specifically in medical field. This platform will also make the fast awareness about new arising diseases so that world  can easily tackle those new kind of diseases. In future we are going to provide the learning platform for medical students via simulation, animation so that they can easily pre-acquire the knowledge which they are going to use in their future career.
